Ignore translog retention policy if soft-deletes enabled (#45473)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/index-modules/translog.asciidoc

`index.translog.retention.size`::

> If `index.soft_deletes.enabled` is true (defaults to true in 7.0 or later), both

Author: I pushed https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/pull/45473/commits/0d103be43a53969692caf96297b150348e04f1ab.

`index.translog.retention.size` and `index.translog.retention.age` should not be
specified as they will be ignored.

> When soft deletes is disabled, `index.translog.retention.size` controls the

Author: I pushed https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/pull/45473/commits/0d103be43a53969692caf96297b150348e04f1ab.

`index.translog.retention.size`::

When soft deletes is disabled (enabled by default in 7.0 or later),
`index.translog.retention.size` controls the total size of translog files to keep.
Keeping more translog files increases the chance of performing an operation based
sync when recovering replicas. If the translog files are not sufficient,
replica recovery will fall back to a file based sync. Defaults to `512mb`

Both `index.translog.retention.size` and `index.translog.retention.age` should not
be specified unless soft deletes is disabled as they will be ignored.

`index.translog.retention.age`::

When soft deletes is disabled (enabled by default in 7.0 or later),

> `index.translog.retention.age` controls the maximum duration for which of translog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`index.translog.retention.age` controls the maximum duration for which translog files will be kept.
```
